drink right now
and though and i've been working on a
new song that's gonna blow your brains
out say goodbye to your mother whoa
today I think we have ourselves another
spin cover Annie told me to write a new
hit song in order to create you have to
embrace the dark side creepy fan really
good at keeping secrets stop trying to
be good you've opened a Pandora's box
and you're facing joy in horror head on
this came for you how did he get my
dress who is this van some psycho he's
obsessed he has no boundaries I might
just have to kill him
do not call me again do you understand
you can struggle but you can't stay
why are you doing love makes you crazy
what ya daddy Sarah
retired by bailey huh boss yo hablo has
liability embassy by a rose wat deur
g-power good I'm slicing so dick I'm i
love a good wedge there if i get it
isn'ta came back than a heavy
where they look at the second math
ability mineralogy vinegar
voila Alec well material I'm sabado for
on Tehran's Aquabats MC severe no signal
Avenger is a SAR elf bday Demetria a
better generated in Panama fed n
one lie I mustn't even at my keyboard
see after
was this hello to the Melissa instance
the hand you're late
has been a sequela temptation to me say
again oh look a bit back okay
a between us every sign of people
what's the dream but so is it women
across Russia
there's nothing wrong just you know wear
and tear we'll take it he got big plans
for the old gal good mornin the depth of
user bizarre shooting spree and heirloom
thankful ravaging the Washington DC area
so the mother she always need you don't
have anybody else what are we gonna do
with you huh how was your age I used to
play a game called I just not fit nobody
called it that because life is not fair
either confirm rain sucks you gotta play
want to try it kids a natural I brought
you here I gave you all this
I need you to do something funny lady
who lived here testifying against me in
court I think all this is permanent
it'll realize that I'm surprised in the
written all of the particular few bodies
what everybody's random time total chaos
see my son anywhere exactly your son see
what are you doing here how many people
have you killed sorry God the sniper
must be able to calmly and deliberately
cure without an apparent reason the
sniper was not be susceptible to
emotions such as anxiety or remorse Go
Go
you
scusi um Costello oregano and dad I'm
daddy i'm actually going there now the
castle you speak English me yeah what do
you think I wasn't going I came out here
this organization dedicated to studying
the relic populations of dolphins and
whales I can't tell if you're joking I'm
dead serious Hey oh my god oh that's my
husband was he do he is playing in a
concertina board normally general sir
just give me a minute people are
depending on me I've committed myself
there were 19 who care free and full of
possibility you reminded me of that you
listening
maybe feel nervous you make me feel calm
do you ever you're not sorry about the
red string
we're all connected by this red string
someone you bump into on the street
destined to be your soulmate
miss useful was eating sorry I don't
speak French that was the first day
that's pretty good something to report
nothing special good school day was it
just better than even your iranian thank
you you know where I might find him and
that's gonna help you and your family on
the front we're here to make sure that
don't happen right and that's your job
try not to make my job impossible you're
insane
welcome
can't wait to see her
gonna be a grandma's house Oh will be
better nothing's gonna bother us not
anymore we are a family again so
happening what is
Ellis are you here something else came
back its killed many times before
when you were a boy something haunted
you he sees things no living person is
supposed to see she's here the thing is
gonna murder my family I lost you once
before I let that happen again
out there there's someone standing
in front of his talking here what's he
saying he could he's got to a break he's
got you baby he's got your baby he's got
your baby he's got your babies